my mistake : 
I took you very lightly
that you'll never leave me 
kind of like over confidence
that's why I was not able to understand you...
that's why I became burden on you

It was my mistake and I'm still paying for it even after 3 month (twice the time of our relationship)
But still you could have told me that if I don't change you'll leave... but you never told me to be changed
If you love someone, you can change yourself for them...and it's completely ok.. you just had to tell me once
like sometimes you can't think what should be done but your partner can see that you should do this...
but we both didn't listen to ourselves....
I was feeling uncomfortable for you when that is around you (I don't have any kind of sus on YOU)… just I don't feel that he's good person... That's why I told you not to talk much with him... even at movie (the reason was same)
but still you talk to him daily and I don't talk to you even once in month...

Now I get to remember that how many times I didn't listen to you 
the reason was same (I had too much confidence that you'll not leave me)

when we started.. that time used to go to gym.. that time you called me in bus and we talked but I had to go that's why we didn't talked much 
but that time I thought (just for a minute) that if this time breakup happens then my gym energy will be extreme
and after that I started gym in feb.. my gym energy was pretty high that before 
even vedant can see that 
btw never mind...

I got to know that you thought that I want the body of yours and that is the reason I'm still think for you..
JUST FOR YOUR KIND INFORMATION I HAVE NEVER THOUGHT ABOUT THAT THING!!!!
one time on call you told me something related to this line (you told something that you and srushtti will be together forever) 
even that time I told you that never think in this way
I have never liked any girl by considering her looks not you and not aayushi (I liked her since she was in class 7 (You can think that at that time we have no clue about this things))
so PLEASE don't misunderstand my feelings, 
sometimes when I sit alone I think about you that why I liked you and even after this much time of breakup why I still feel sad... I questions myself why I liked her.. why I loved her...
I had no answer, I think about all the parameters like face, body, behaviour, etc..
but still I couldn't find any single thing in which I can say that is why I loved you...
actually there is no parameter which can tell if the love is true or not.. if there is parameter than that is not love.

as we all know that people understand from their mistakes as well I... 
I got to know what to DO and what to DON'T, and If we can give each other a chance... that might be a different story...

I'm writing this on 3 march at 3:38 am
I don't know what will be your response on this

I told you that I'll never leave the hope that you'll be with me
I don't want to make you mine... I want to be yours and be with you...

I know I said that this is over but,
If you think we should give another try than 

even if you don't want I'll have special space for you in my heart... FOREVER!
